doc: Add known issue if NCSDK-24305 (#12870)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

  **Workaround:** Delete the stalled in progress job from AWS IoT.

.. rst-class:: v2-5-0

> NCSDK-24305: fota_download library sends FOTA_DOWNLOAD_EVT_FINISHED when unable to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-24305: fota_download library sends FOTA_DOWNLOAD_EVT_FINISHED when unable to connect
```

>   :ref:`lib_download_client`` does not resume a download if the device is unable to connect to a target server.
>   This causes :ref:`lib_fota_download` to incorrectly assume that download is finnished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The :ref:`lib_download_client` library does not resume a download if the device cannot connect to a target server.
  This causes the :ref:`lib_fota_download` library to incorrectly assume that the download has completed.
```

>   **Workaround:** Set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FOTA_SOCKET_RETRIES` to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FOTA_SOCKET_RETRIES` Kconfig option to ``0``.
```
